- What is the meaning
of this...?
A warrior
from the Bad Realm?
Show me your face!
- Is that the best you've got,
Witty Wizard?
- Witty Wizard...?
I haven't heard that name
since...
- Since we graduated,
that's right!
- Leopold Archer...
How did you get in here?
- Ah, you know me, Mike,
I've got my ways.
- Please, call me Agamemnon.
We don't want to confuse
the students.
- Oh, here, a souvenir
from the Bad Realm.
Took it off a witch who
tried to hide there.
But you know what they say...
Leo Archer always gets
his witch.
- So, what's an agent of
the Realm Intelligence Service
doing at the WITS Academy?
- What I'm about to tell you is
in strict confidence...
I'm hunting a fugitive
who escaped Limbo.
And I'm afraid she went
hiding here at the Academy.
- Oh, dear, do we know
what this witch looks like?
It can't be...
- You know this girl?
- Hey, I was wondering if--
Oh, sorry, didn't realize
you had company.
- Hold it,
criminal!
Don't move!
- ♪ It must be magic ♪
♪ It's happenin' ♪
♪ Some crazy things ♪
♪ I can't do this
without you ♪
♪ Just keep your
W.I.T.S. about you ♪
♪ It must be magic ♪
♪ Look what we're
doing here ♪
♪ There's something
brewing here ♪
♪ It must be magic ♪
♪ We got that spirit here ♪
♪ We'll never disappear ♪
♪ It must be ♪
♪ It must be magic ♪
- Hold it, criminal!
Don't move!
- Whoa, hey!
Is that any way
to say hello?
- Leopold, stop it!
Miss Cruz is not a fugitive.
She can be a bit of
a nuisance...
- Aggie!
- ...but she's not a criminal!
In fact, she's not even a witch!
[powers zapping]
- If you're wrong,
you just aided and abetted
one of the most wanted
witches in the Realm.
- Witches and fugitives?
I just came by to see if you had
a chance to examine the leaves
I found in the atrium?
- The Dyad Tree's lost leaves?
- I'll fill you in later.
- This doesn't even look
like me!
This looks like Ruby.
- That sneaky little con artist.
- That's Ruby for ya.
- Nah! Don't you see?
She placed a hex
on her own wanted poster,
so whoever looks at it
sees someone different.
- And you saw me?
Thanks!
- She's heard too much.
We're gonna have
to get rid of her.
- [powers zapping]
- Hey?
How did I get down
the stairs so fast?
And who are you?
- Ah, I see the Witty Wizard
hasn't lost his touch.
- If she isn't the fugitive,
then who is?
- Don't worry, Leo Archer
is gonna hunt her down.
- What are you doing?
- Hiding from Luke.
He's trying to woo me
into going out with him.
What if he starts serenading
me with a romantic song
or something?
- That would be
so embarrassing.
- Hey, Luke.
Andi's over here.
- What?
Hey, uh, sorry,
I lost a contact lens.
- Oh, no. Did you find it?
- Hey, Andi...
I'm really sorry
about yesterday.
But you have to understand,
the flowers and all that stuff,
it wasn't me.
- Sure looked like you.
But then again,
my eyesight is pretty bad.
- No, you see, Sean and Gracie
tried to play matchmaker,
so they put--
- What were you gonna say?
- I gotta go.
Uh, let's talk later.
- What did you
bring him over for?
- Oh, just because Ruby said
I'd get a reward every time
I embarrass you.
- Uncle Leopold?
What are you doing here?
- It's classified.
I could tell you, but then I'd
have to send you into the Abyss.
- You're on a secret mission,
aren't you?
Don't worry.
I won't say anything.
Oh, my favorite nephew--
sharp as a whip.
Well, let's get breakfast.
I'll catch you up
on some of my adventures.
- ROBOTIC VOICE:
Attention, students.
- Am I live?
Testing, testing.
Oh, hi!
I mean...
Good morning, student body
of WITS Academy.
Headmaster Agamemnon asked me
to inform you that today's
curriculum consists of WITs
learning Spell Attacks,
while Guardians work
on their shields.
- Spell Attacks!
Bring it on!
- Oh, no,
I think Ben's about
to throw up.
Again.
- A preliminary round
of shield tests will be held
first thing tomorrow morning,
so your shields better be
primed and ready.
- Shields
and Spells instructor?
- To flush out this fugitive,
I need to operate undercover.
Now, let's start
with one-on-one interrogations,
I mean, interviews,
so I can get to know
my "new students."
- You mean suspects?
Very well, I can tell you
that all of them have been
here at the Academy
for over a year--
except for Jessie and Miss Cruz.
- Never underestimate
a fugitive on the run.
She probably removed a student
and has taken over his
or her identity
with a Doppelganger Spell.
She could be a Guardian.
She could be a WIT.
She could even be you.
- Do what you need
to do to catch
this devious lawbreaker.
- So, I hear you're new
to the Academy.
Where were you living before?
[laughing]
In Limbo?
- No, in my dad's house.
It's complicated.
- Have you ever used...
a forbidden spell?
- How could I?
I don't have any powers.
- What's your favorite subject?
- Is this part
of your secret mission?
- Have you ever broken
any rules?
- Let's see...
- When did you say you started
at the Academy?
- Am I in trouble?
- What's your favorite color?
- You ask a lot of
questions, mister.
- Where did you steal
that necklace?
- I didn't steal it.
I made it.
Look, it's a little
tiny flashlight.
- Do you have any secrets?
- No.
- Oh, great.
I'll see you in class.
- Any leads?
- All I know is...
I hope it's not Gracie.
She scares me.
- My teach wants us to play,
let my skills blow him away!
[powers zapping]
- Always have an ace
up your sleeve.
Keep working.
- Okay, we need
an ace up our sleeve.
Can any of you make
a high-voltage, single-charge,
magic absorber?
- Hey, Andi, what I was trying
to say earlier was--
- Is he trying to sneak a peek
at our shield design?
- Back to your workbench,
mister.
- But...Uncle Leopold...
- Wait.
This is your uncle?
Oh, yeah, I thought
you looked familiar.
- That's Professor Archer
to you.
Tell me something, Andi,
how did you get into
the WITS Academy?
- Special request,
by the Chosen One,
thank you very much.
- Why would the Chosen One
request a human be admitted
into the Guardian program?
- Because, I'm gonna be
Emma's Guardian once I graduate.
- You want to be
Guardian to the Chosen One?
- Yes, didn't Preppy--
I mean Luke,
tell you about that?
- No.
He did not.
This is top heavy.
Make sure the center takes
the brunt of the attack,
or you'll be in trouble.
- I can't believe
I'm saying this,
but I think I miss Andi.
- PROF. ARCHER: All right.
Time's up.
Guardians, work on your shields.
WITs, change into your Practice
Outfits for Spell Attack class.
Luke, can I have a word...
What's going on
with you and Andi?
- Oh, Andi?
Oh, she's just a friend.
Though she and her WITs did win
the all time obstacle course
record after I trained her.
- You trained a competitor?
Are you aware she wants to be
Guardian to the Chosen One?
- Yes.
- Well, you're not gonna
let that happen, are you?
- Don't worry.
Whoever graduates
on top of the Board
from the Academy, gets to choose
their future assignment.
And I'm gonna choose
to guard Emma.
- Atta boy.
"Defensa Abta Antiquare!"
- We shall forever be Guardians!
- Wait.
You want to put the Guardian
Amulet on your shield?
You think that's a good idea?
- No...
It's a brilliant idea!
I mean, Aggie said the Amulet
protects you from bad spells.
And Archer said to keep
an ace up your sleeve.
So...?
- Let's do it!
- ♪
- You're really
rockin' that shield.
- Let's go take him
out for a test run.
- So these are the leaves
Andi found in the atrium?
I'm detecting an
M-square of delta six.
Factored by omega.
- [gasps]
Two sources of energy?
- One is the tree's
own magical energy,
the other comes from a spell.
But that's not what
caused the leaves to fall.
- It's not?
Then it must be another cause.
- Or another culprit.
This is serious.
The details of what would happen
if the Dyad Tree lost its power
are classified, but I
can tell you this...
It would mean an end for all
witches in the human world.
- So, guys, how
was spell practice?
- Awesome!
We learned this cool
new Attack Spell.
It's like a magical spear.
Want me to show you?
- No, she doesn't.
It's way too dangerous.
- Actually, I do.
Gimme your best shot,
Captain El Capitán!
- You got it,
Professor Loco!
- I think Emily is right.
Maybe Ethan firing a magic
attack at you isn't such a good
idea after all.
- Hello!
I got this!
- I face my
enemy without fear,
let her face the
tip of my spear!
- [powers zapping]
- All: [screaming]
- What's happening?
- It's the Amulet!
It not only repelled the
spell, it super-sized it.
- All: [screaming]
- That...
was...
- All: [scream]
- ...cool!
- You got mad
magic skills, kid.
I might have to
keep you on my team.
- No!
That wasn't cool at all!
I almost got skewered!
Wait till I tell
Ruby about this...
- All: [scream]
- This coulda been Hex.
- Are you okay?
It was pretty cool,
though, wasn't it?
- Totally!
- ♪
- So, have you
spoken to Luke yet?
- He was waiting for me
at the tree this morning.
But I climbed the
second floor railing,
slid into the smoothie
stand, into the cafeteria.
- Why?
- Well, I didn't
bring a rope,
so the smoothie stand
seemed like the best option.
- No, I mean why
are you avoiding Luke?
- Because I know
what he wants to say.
He wants me to go
out with him.
- Well, what's
wrong with that?
- Yeah, what's
- Come on, guys.
For Luke this is
nothing but a game.
Flowers?
A big red bow?
That's so not me.
And if he really liked
me, he would know that.
- Actually, that was
kinda sorta our fault.
- Yeah, kinda sorta
totally our fault.
- Uh, what did you do?
Out with it.
- Hang on.
My WITs, remember?
What did you do?
Out with it!
- Well, we knew how much
Luke wanted to go out with Andi,
so we put a little
Wooing Spell on him.
- You put a
Wooing Spell on Luke?
- ...so he'd
get you to say yes.
- He really
likes you, you know?
- Big time.
- ♪
- You call that
a Guardian shield?
It kinda looks like a kitchen
tray from the cafeteria.
You know, I think there's
still some pizza sauce on it.
- Now you wanna talk?
The preliminary shield
tests start at any moment.
- There's nothing to say.
You really surprised me when you
asked me to go out, you know?
And I love surprises!
You know, like in
Zombie Apocalypse Three,
when the giant zombie spider
jumps out at your face?
Awesome surprise!
- I don't--I don't play
those type of games.
- I know you don't.
And I guess, I was wrong.
There is something to say.
- What's that?
- Yes.
Let's go out sometime.
- Really?
Cool.
- Archer, Luke.
You're first.
Please enter the testing arena
and have your shield ready for,
uh, well, testing.
- I gotta go.
- Okay, go.
- I'll see you later though?
- Yes.
- Four o'clock
under the tree.
- I'll be there.
- ♪
- My WITs and I
built this pizza tray.
I mean, Guardian shield,
out of Kanay steel.
And we added pizza sauce...
I mean, um, armored plating to
deflect any zombie spiders...
I mean, um, Spell Attacks.
- Very well, then.
Let the shield test commence.
- Coach Foiler?
- Leave my enemy distraught,
let these fireballs burn hot!
[powers zapping]
- ♪
- Next!
- [powers zapping]
- [laughs]
- ♪
- [powers zapping]
- Coach Foiler?
Do any of them seem
suspicious to you?
- They're teenagers.
They're all suspicious.
- Can you believe Coach Foiler
tried tripping me up--again.
That woman needs a new hobby.
- She almost barbecued me.
Why did you tape
over the Amulet?
- I've decided to wait for
the final Shield Trials
before I pull the ace
out my sleeve.
Ugh.
Can't wait to get
out of these clothes.
What am I gonna wear?
- Excuse me?
Did I just hear Andi Cruz
say, "What am I going to wear?"
- Well, I mean,
I have to wear
"something," don't I?
- Did Emily put
a Girlie Girl Spell on you?
Oh, my gosh...
You said yes to going out
with Luke, didn't you?
- Whaaaaat?
- Oh, don't you
"Whaaaaat" me, sister.
You said, yes, didn't you?
- ♪
- Too preppy...
Too preppy...
Do I own anything
that's not preppy?
- [knocking on door]
- Uncle Leopold.
Thanks for checking up on me.
I feel much better though.
- What happened to you today?
- I guess my stance was
off and I should reinforce
the gripping straps
on my shield.
Or do you think I should
switch to metal handles?
- I think you should
clear your head
and focus on what matters.
For centuries a member of
our family has been assigned
Guardian to the Chosen One.
It is an honor
and a privilege.
But it is not a birth right.
You still have to earn it.
- I know.
- Then why are you getting
all chummy with the competition?
- I told you, Andi
is just a friend.
I can have friends, can't I?
- Not if they're after
the same assignment as you.
- We're talking
about my life here.
- No, Luke.
We're talking
about your destiny.
Do you really want someone
else...human no less...
to be the next Guardian
to the Chosen One?
- No. I don't.
- Then pull yourself together.
Let's take a look at
that shield of yours.
- Wait. Now?
It's almost 4:00 o'clock.
- [laughs] So?
Have you got better plans than
taking advice from a legendary
Guardian on how to improve
your shield for the next round?
- I guess I don't.
- That's what I thought.
- ♪
- Emily told
me what happened.
- Look, now is
really not the time.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
When would be a good time
to discuss the fact that
you put my WITs in danger?
- Ohhh, that.
Ethan thought it was cool.
- Ethan thinks
earthquakes are cool,
and nose bleeds,
and explosions.
- Kid's got taste,
I'll give him that.
- I was gonna take my
time, but I am done with you,
Andi Cruz.
I'm not gonna fight
you anymore.
- Oh, you're not?
Aww...
But I was just getting into it.
- No!
I'm gonna make you docile...
sweet...
easy to control.
- Yeah, how you gonna that?
With one of your
little "spells"?
Please!
Your little magic bluff
didn't work the first time.
What makes you
think--
- [powers charging]
- Okay, so I see you
worked on your act.
- Andi's been
a thorn in my side,
make her docile
and enjoy the ride!
[powers zapping]
Get back here!
- Kim!
Ruby's after me!
- [powers zapping]
You will never
mess with my life again.
- I messed with your life?
Look who's talking.
- My best friend got
expelled because of you.
- Yeah, well, you gave Ben
chocolate milk for breakfast.
- Andi's been
a thorn in my side,
make her docile
and enjoy the ride!
[powers zapping]
Oh...
What just happened?
Andi?
It's so good to
see you, sweetie.
Give me a hug.
- ♪